All right.
So in this lesson, we're going to install the View X Library to our project, and we're going to do
so with The View.
Seelye One advantage of using these.
Seelye over just a plain NPM install is this.
Seelye is going to create some starter files for us with some small configuration, so it takes care
of a little bit more of the boilerplate code and spares us the need to write some of that extra stuff.
So in our primary project folder, make sure you shut down your view app.
You can do that by pressing control.
C So shut everything down and then we're going to execute view add view X as a reminder.
View is our global installation of the view client and PM, and that program has an ad command that
allows us to add a package to our project and configure it and view is one of those options.
So view add, view X execute that.
That's going to go ahead and fetch the dependency and store it as well as generate some of those starter
files.
All right.
You can see it downloaded the package.
Now it's running the generators, which is going to go ahead and run those files for us.
And now we can transition to V code.
And take a look at what it has created for us.
I'm going to open my file, Explorer.
And there's two things that I want you to note in this lesson, actually.
Three.
Let's begin with packages that Jason.
I just want to show you in this lesson that we have added view as a dependency right here.
Right.
So that's one thing it did for us.
And then it created a new folder for us called Store.
And the way Store Works is very similar to how the router folder works.
In both of those folders, you're going to see an index file in the router index that yes file which
we explored earlier.
That's where we create the view router for our app and in our store index that just file here is where.
It has created the initial store for us.
We're going to talk more about this in an upcoming lesson.
And in fact, let me save this file so we have the prettier formatting.
So what this file is fundamentally doing is creating a store.
You can see here the the import of the create store function from view acts.
We don't have to worry about all of these configuration details just yet.
Just know that this is the file right now where we are creating and exporting a view to store and then
where we're actually sinking it, we're connecting it to our view app is in main.
Yes, this is also where we configured the router earlier in the course.
So in this file of main that yes, you can see we are importing that exported store from the store directory.
We can in fact make this an absolute import by changing this to an outside and as a reminder of how
things work in JavaScript.
If you have a directory like store with an index file, you don't need to write out slash index JavaScript
by default will look for an index such as file.
So that's what we're importing here.
We're importing the default export from this index jobs file from our store directory in our source
folder.
And then what we're doing right here is we're using the same use method we used earlier in the course
to add a router to develop the view collide collided the exact same approach here it gets back the app
object from the create app function and then it uses the use method to add that view store to the app
itself.
And the way this method works is it returns the app object itself.
That's what allows the sequence here to change on a bunch of method calls because the use method returns
the app object, which allows us to once again use use on it to configure the router as well.
So the order of these doesn't matter.
They're all just going to be additional configuration objects that we are adding to our Central View
app.
All right.
So this is just what the view.
So I added for us when we set up View X and then in the very next lesson, we can go ahead and start
playing around with this library.
Of course, what we'd like to do in the terminal, one final thing before we leave, of course, is
to get our app back up and running by running NPM, run, serve, and that's going to start the development
server.
You also, by the way, you should have your back and running another tab.
Here is where I'm running JSON server.
All right.
So we've installed the UX and I will see you in the next lesson.